You humans with all of your problems,
yo!
Virtual Youtuber,
Kizuna Ai here!
This time I have collected you humans'
negative emotions you have, one by one
I will turn them all to positive emotions!
For starters, is this:
"Even Though I Planned to Meet Someone,
I Forgot My Cellphone!"
"Back then, there isn't even any cellphones you know!"
"Everyone was simply telling what time and place to meet,
and come to the appointed time and place and
they'll meet the person!"
"Even without cellphones, if it was your fate then
you'll meet them!"
That was positive, right?
For the next one is this:
"I Caught Cold on Entrance Exam"
"This is..
"This is a trial bestowed upon you!
if you able to overcome this trial,
you'll succeed in the exam!"
"IYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYY"
JUS
JUSTICE!!!
Let's proceed!
The next one is this!
"I Fell Graciously in Front of Many People"
"Don't just fall graciously!
Go and fall on the same place and time everyday!
If you do that, you'll become
a famous person, wouldn't you!?"
..urgh!
Something like that!
It was perfect, wasn't it?
For the next one is this!
"When I Went to TSUTAYA, All The DVD I Wanted Was Already Borrowed!"
If Tsutaya doesn't has them then
GEO should have!
And for the last one, is this:
"I Got Banned on Youtube After The First and a half Month I Started"
How is this me!?
"Getting banned after the first month and a half..
what a delicious gag material!"
"Even though I was banned I didn't want to you know,
"Also I'm not guilty of anything!"
"I also revived the channel"
"With that, you got to be talking topic!"
"Gets you famous too!"
It was a perfect plan.
Today was a perfect one too don't you think?
With something like that, whatever happens
you can make yourself thinking positively so
if you had something that made you troubled
or feeling down
or something like "I got scolded for this thing"
Don't hesitate to tell me, okay?
I will make them into positive emotions!
Send it to my e-mail address here:
I will make any emotions into positive ones!
That was me Positive Monster, Kizuna Ai for today!
See you again!
Bless her virtual soul